<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-326">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-341" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_326" epub:type="pagebreak" title="326"></span>November 1st<br/><strong>ACCEPTING WHAT IS</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“Don’t seek for everything to happen as you wish it would, but rather wish that everything happens as it actually will—then your life will flow well.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">E</span><span class="SCAP">PICTETUS, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">E</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">NCHIRIDION</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x8_326"></span>8</span></p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-2nd">“It is easy to praise providence for anything that may happen if you have two qualities: a complete view of what has actually happened in each instance and a sense of gratitude. Without gratitude what is the point of seeing, and without seeing what is the object of gratitude?”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">E</span><span class="SCAP">PICTETUS, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">D</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">ISCOURSES</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x161_326"></span>1.6.1–2</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">S</span>omething happened that we wish had not. Which of these is easiest to change: our opinion or the event that is past?</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">The answer is obvious. Accept what happened and change your wish that it had not happened. Stoicism calls this the “art of acquiescence”—to accept rather than fight every little thing.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">And the most practiced Stoics take it a step further. Instead of simply <em>accepting</em> what happens, they urge us to actually <em>enjoy </em>what has happened—whatever it is. Nietzsche, many centuries later, coined the perfect expression to capture this idea: <em>amor fati </em>(a love of fate). It’s not just accepting, it’s<em> loving</em> everything that happens.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">To wish for what has happened to happen is a clever way to avoid disappointment because nothing is contrary to your desires. But to actually feel gratitude for what happens? To love it? That’s a recipe for happiness and joy.</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>