<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-200">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-210" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_200" epub:type="pagebreak" title="200"></span>July 3rd<br/><strong>TURN <span class="BOLD_ITAL">HAVE</span> <span class="BOLD_ITAL">TO</span> INTO <span class="BOLD_ITAL">GET TO</span></strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“The task of a philosopher: we should bring our will into harmony with whatever happens, so that nothing happens against our will and nothing that we wish for fails to happen.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">E</span><span class="SCAP">PICTETUS, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">D</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">ISCOURSES</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x2147_200"></span>2.14.7</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">A </span>long To-Do list seems intimidating and burdensome—all these things we <em>have</em> to do in the course of a day or a week. But a <em>Get To Do</em> list sounds like a privilege—all the things we’re excited about the opportunity to experience. This isn’t just semantic playing. It is a central facet of the philosopher’s worldview.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Today, don’t try to impose your will on the world. Instead see yourself as fortunate to receive and respond to the will <em>in</em> the world.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Stuck in traffic? A few wonderful minutes to relax and sit. Your car broke down after idling for so long? Ah, what a nice nudge to take a long walk the rest of the way. A swerving car driven by a distracted, cell-phone-wielding idiot nearly hit you as you were walking and soaked you head to toe with muddy water? What a reminder about how precarious our existence is and how silly it is to get upset about something as trivial as being late or having trouble with your commute!</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Kidding aside, it might not seem like it makes a big difference to see life as something you <em>have</em> to do versus <em>get</em> to do, but there is. A huge, magnificent difference.</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>