<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-138">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-146" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_138" epub:type="pagebreak" title="138"></span>May 4th<br/><strong>WHAT’S TRULY IMPRESSIVE</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“How much better is it to be known for doing well by many than for living extravagantly? How much more worthy than spending on sticks and stones is it to spend on people?”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">M</span><span class="SCAP">USONIUS </span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">R</span><span class="SCAP">UFUS, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">L</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">ECTURES</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x199126_138"></span>19.91.26–28</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">T</span>hink of all you know about the lifestyles of the rich and the famous. That so-and-so bought a home for so many millions. That so-and-so travels with their own barber. That so-and-so owns a pet tiger or an elephant.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">The exact same gossip and notoriety was popular in Roman times. Certain Romans were known for the thousands of sesterces they spent on their koi ponds. Others were notorious for orgiastic parties and sumptuous feasts. The works of Roman poets such as Juvenal and Martial abound with tidbits about these types.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">The conspicuously wealthy earn and ultimately get what they want out of spending: their reputation. But what an empty one! Is it really that impressive to spend, spend, spend? Given the funds, who <em>wouldn’t</em> be able to do that?</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Marcus Aurelius courageously sold off some of the imperial furnishings to pay down war debts. More recently, José Mujica, the former president of Uruguay, stood out for giving 90 percent of his presidential salary to charity and driving a twenty-five-year-old car. Who can do stuff like that? Not everyone. So who’s the more impressive?</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>