<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-360">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-376" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_360" epub:type="pagebreak" title="360"></span>December 4th<br/><strong>YOU DON’T OWN THAT</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“Anything that can be prevented, taken away, or coerced is not a person’s own—but those things that can’t be blocked are their own.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">E</span><span class="SCAP">PICTETUS, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">D</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">ISCOURSES</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x3243_360"></span>3.24.3</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">T</span>he conservationist Daniel O’Brien has said that he doesn’t “own” his several-thousand-acre buffalo ranch in South Dakota, he just lives there while the bank lets him make mortgage payments on it. It’s a joke about the economic realities of ranching, but it also hints at the idea that land doesn’t belong to one individual, that it will far outlast us and our descendants. Marcus Aurelius used to say that we don’t own anything and that even our lives are held in trust.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">We may claw and fight and work to own things, but those things can be taken away in a second. The same goes for other things we like to think are “ours” but are equally precarious: our status, our physical health or strength, our relationships. How can these really be ours if something other than us—fate, bad luck, death, and so on—can dispossess us of them without notice?</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">So what do we own? Just our lives—and not for long.</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>