<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-107">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-113" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_107" epub:type="pagebreak" title="107"></span>April 5th<br/><strong>TRUST, BUT VERIFY</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“First off, don’t let the force of the impression carry you away. Say to it, ‘hold up a bit and let me see who you are and where you are from—let me put you to the test’&#160;.&#160;.&#160;.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">E</span><span class="SCAP">PICTETUS, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">D</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">ISCOURSES</span><span class="SCAP">,</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL"> <span id="x21824_107"></span></span><span class="SCAP">2.18.24</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">O</span>ne of the wonders of your mind is the quickness with which it can comprehend and categorize things. As Malcolm Gladwell wrote in <em>Blink</em>, we are constantly making split-second decisions based on years of experience and knowledge as well as using the same skill to confirm prejudices, stereotypes, and assumptions. Clearly, the former thinking is a source of strength, whereas the latter is a great weakness.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">We lose very little by taking a beat to consider our own thoughts. <em>Is this really so bad? What do I really know about this person? Why do I have such strong feelings here? Is anxiety really adding much to the situation? What’s so special about </em><em>__________</em><em>?</em></p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">By asking these questions—by putting our impressions to the test as Epictetus recommends—we’re less likely to be carried away by them or make a move on a mistaken or biased one. We’re still free to use our instincts, but we should always, as the Russian proverb says, “trust, but verify.”</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>