<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-172">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-181" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_172" epub:type="pagebreak" title="172"></span>June 6th<br/><strong>WHEN TO STICK AND WHEN TO QUIT</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“Think of those who, not by fault of inconsistency but by lack of effort, are too unstable to live as they wish, but only live as they have begun.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">S</span><span class="SCAP">ENECA, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">O</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">N </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">T</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">RANQUILITY OF </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">M</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">IND</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x26b_172"></span>2.6</span><span class="Epigraph-Source-lower-case">b</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">I</span>n <em>The Dip</em>, Seth Godin draws an interesting analogy from the three types of people you see in line at the supermarket. One gets in a short line and sticks to it no matter how slow it is or how much faster the others seem to be going. Another changes lines repeatedly based on whatever he thinks might save a few seconds. And a third switches only once—when it’s clear her line is delayed and there is a clear alternative—and then continues with her day. He’s urging you to ask: Which type are you?</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Seneca is also advising us to be this third type. Just because you’ve begun down one path doesn’t mean you’re committed to it <em>forever</em>, especially if that path turns out to be flawed or impeded. At that same time, this is not an excuse to be flighty or incessantly noncommittal. It takes courage to decide to do things differently and to make a change, as well as discipline and awareness to know that the notion of “Oh, but this looks <em>even</em> better” is a temptation that cannot be endlessly indulged either.</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>