<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-362">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-378" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_362" epub:type="pagebreak" title="362"></span>December 6th<br/><strong>THE SWORD DANGLES OVER YOU</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“Don’t behave as if you are destined to live forever. What’s fated hangs over you. As long as you live and while you can, become good now.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">M</span><span class="SCAP">ARCUS </span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">A</span><span class="SCAP">URELIUS, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">M</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">EDITATIONS</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x417_362"></span>4.17</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">T</span>here is an ancient story of a courtier who had made light of the responsibilities of his king. To prove he was mistaken, the king arranged to switch places with the courtier so he could experience what it was like to be a king. The king made one other adjustment: he hung a sword by a hair over the throne to illustrate the peril and burden of kingship as well as the constant fear of assassination. We call that dangling reminder of death and difficulty the Sword of Damocles.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">The reality is that a similar sword hangs over all of us—life can be taken from us at any moment. And that threat can send us in one of two directions: we can fear and dread it, or we can use it to motivate us. To do good, to be good. Because the sword is dangling, and there’s nothing else to be concerned with. Would you rather it catch you in the middle of some shameful, selfish act? Would you rather it catch you <em>waiting</em> to be good in the future?</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>