<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-109">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-115" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_109" epub:type="pagebreak" title="109"></span>April 7th<br/><strong>EXPECT TO CHANGE YOUR OPINIONS</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“There are two things that must be rooted out in human beings—arrogant opinion and mistrust. Arrogant opinion expects that there is nothing further needed, and mistrust assumes that under the torrent of circumstance there can be no happiness.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">E</span><span class="SCAP">PICTETUS, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">D</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">ISCOURSES</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x3148_109"></span>3.14.8</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">H</span>ow often do we begin some project certain we know exactly how it will go? How often do we meet people and think we know exactly who and what they are? And how often are these assumptions proved to be completely and utterly wrong?</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">This is why we must fight our biases and preconceptions: because they are a liability. Ask yourself: <em>What haven’t I considered? Why is this thing the way it is? Am I part of the problem here or the solution? Could I be wrong here?</em> Be doubly careful to honor what you do not know, and then set that against the knowledge you actually have.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Remember, if there is one core teaching at the heart of this philosophy, it’s that we’re not as smart and as wise as we’d like to think we are. If we ever do want to become wise, it comes from the questioning and from humility—not, as many would like to think, from certainty, mistrust, and arrogance.</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>