<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-236">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-247" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_236" epub:type="pagebreak" title="236"></span>August 7th<br/><strong>PRAGMATIC AND PRINCIPLED</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“Wherever a person can live, there one can also live well; life is also in the demands of court, there too one can live well.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">—M</span><span class="SCAP">ARCUS </span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">A</span><span class="SCAP">URELIUS, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">M</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">EDITATIONS</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x516_236"></span>5.16</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">W</span>illiam Lee Miller, in his unique “ethical biography” of Abraham Lincoln, makes an important point about this famous president: our deification of the man makes a point to pretend he wasn’t a politician. We focus on his humble beginnings, his self-education, his beautiful speeches. But we gloss over his job, which was politics. That misses what was so truly impressive about him: Lincoln was all the things he was—compassionate, deliberate, fair, open-minded, and purposeful—<em>while</em> being a politician. He was what we admire in a profession we believe to be filled exclusively with the opposite of that type of person.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Principles and pragmatism are not at odds. Whether you live in the snake pit of Washington, D.C., work among the materialism of Wall Street, or grew up in a closed-minded small town, you can live well. Plenty of others have.</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>