<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-204">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-214" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_204" epub:type="pagebreak" title="204"></span>July 7th<br/><strong>OUR DUTY TO LEARN</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“This is what you should teach me, how to be like Odysseus—how to love my country, wife and father, and how, even after suffering shipwreck, I might keep sailing on course to those honorable ends.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">S</span><span class="SCAP">ENECA, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">M</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">ORAL </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">L</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">ETTERS</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x887b_204"></span>88.7</span><span class="Epigraph-Source-lower-case">b</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">M</span>any schoolteachers teach <em>The Odyssey</em> all wrong. They teach the dates, they debate whether Homer was really the author or not, whether he was blind, they explain the oral tradition, they tell students what a Cyclops is or how the Trojan Horse worked.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Seneca’s advice to someone studying the classics is to forget all that. The dates, the names, the places—they hardly matter. What matters is the <em>moral. </em>If you got everything else wrong from <em>The Odyssey</em>, but you left understanding the importance of perseverance, the dangers of hubris, the risks of temptation and distraction? Then you really learned something.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">We’re not trying to ace tests or impress teachers. We are reading and studying to live, to be good human beings—always and forever.</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>