<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-52">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-56" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_52" epub:type="pagebreak" title="52"></span>February 12th<br/><strong>PROTECT YOUR PEACE OF MIND</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“Keep constant guard over your perceptions, for it is no small thing you are protecting, but your respect, trustworthiness and steadiness, peace of mind, freedom from pain and fear, in a word your freedom. For what would you sell these things?”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">E</span><span class="SCAP">PICTETUS, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">D</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">ISCOURSES</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x436b_52"></span>4.3.6</span><span class="Epigraph-Source-lower-case">b</span><span class="SCAP">–8</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">T</span>he dysfunctional job that stresses you out, a contentious relationship, life in the spotlight. Stoicism, because it helps us manage and think through our emotional reactions, can make these kinds of situations easier to bear. It can help you manage and mitigate the triggers that seem to be so constantly tripped.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">But here’s a question: Why are you subjecting yourself to this? Is this really the environment you were made for? To be provoked by nasty emails and an endless parade of workplace problems? Our adrenal glands can handle only so much before they become exhausted. Shouldn’t you preserve them for life-and-death situations?</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">So yes, use Stoicism to manage these difficulties. But don’t forget to ask: <em>Is this really the life I want?</em> Every time you get upset, a little bit of life leaves the body. Are these really the things on which you want to spend that priceless resource? Don’t be afraid to make a change—a big one.</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>