<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-20">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-23" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_20" epub:type="pagebreak" title="20"></span>January 12th<br/><strong>THE ONE PATH TO SERENITY</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“Keep this thought at the ready at daybreak, and through the day and night—there is only one path to happiness, and that is in giving up all outside of your sphere of choice, regarding nothing else as your possession, surrendering all else to God and Fortune.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">E</span><span class="SCAP">PICTETUS, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">D</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">ISCOURSES</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x4439_20"></span>4.4.39</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">T</span>his morning, remind yourself of what is in your control and what’s not in your control. Remind yourself to focus on the former and not the latter.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Before lunch, remind yourself that the only thing you truly possess is your ability to make choices (and to use reason and judgment when doing so). This is the only thing that can never be taken from you completely.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">In the afternoon, remind yourself that aside from the choices you make, your fate is not entirely up to you. The world is spinning and we spin along with it—whichever direction, good or bad.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">In the evening, remind yourself again how much is outside of your control and where your choices begin and end.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">As you lie in bed, remember that sleep is a form of surrender and trust and how easily it comes. And prepare to start the whole cycle over again tomorrow.</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>