<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-305">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-319" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_305" epub:type="pagebreak" title="305"></span>October 12th<br/><strong>ALWAYS LOVE</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“Hecato says, ‘I can teach you a love potion made without any drugs, herbs, or special spell—if you would be loved, love.’”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">S</span><span class="SCAP">ENECA, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">M</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">ORAL </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">L</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">ETTERS</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x96_305"></span>9.6</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">I</span>n 1992, Barbara Jordan addressed the Democratic National Convention and railed against the greed and selfishness and divisiveness of the previous decade. People were ready for a change. “Change it to what?” she asked. “Change that environment of the 80s to an environment which is characterized by a devotion to the public interest, public service, tolerance, and love. Love. Love. Love.”</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Love. Love. Love. Love. Why? Because, as the Beatles put it, “In the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make.” Not just in politics, not just in tolerance, but in our personal lives. There is almost no situation in which hatred helps. Yet almost every situation is made better by love—or empathy, understanding, appreciation—even situations in which you are in opposition to someone.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">And who knows, you might just get some of that love back.</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>