<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-179">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-188" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_179" epub:type="pagebreak" title="179"></span>June 13th<br/><strong>LIFE IS A BATTLEFIELD</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“Don’t you know life is like a military campaign? One must serve on watch, another in reconnaissance, another on the front line.&#160;.&#160;.&#160;. So it is for us—each person’s life is a kind of battle, and a long and varied one too. You must keep watch like a soldier and do everything commanded.&#160;.&#160;.&#160;. You have been stationed in a key post, not some lowly place, and not for a short time but for life.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">E</span><span class="SCAP">PICTETUS, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">D</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">ISCOURSES</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x32431_179"></span>3.24.31–36</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">T</span>he writer Robert Greene often uses the phrase “As in war, so in life.” It’s an aphorism worth keeping close, because our life is a battle both literally and figuratively. As a species, we fight to survive on a planet indifferent to our survival. As individuals, we fight to survive among a species whose population numbers in the billions. Even inside our own bodies, diverse bacteria battle it out. <em>Vivere est militare.</em> (To live is to fight.)</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Today, you’ll be fighting for your goal, fighting against impulses, fighting to be the person you want to be. So what are the attributes necessary to win these many wars?</p>
			<p class="x07-List-Unnumbered-First">Discipline</p>
			<p class="x07-List-Unnumbered">Fortitude</p>
			<p class="x07-List-Unnumbered">Courage</p>
			<p class="x07-List-Unnumbered">Clearheadedness</p>
			<p class="x07-List-Unnumbered">Selflessness</p>
			<p class="x07-List-Unnumbered-Last">Sacrifice</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">And which attributes lose wars?</p>
			<p class="x07-List-Unnumbered-First">Cowardice</p>
			<p class="x07-List-Unnumbered">Rashness</p>
			<p class="x07-List-Unnumbered">Disorganization</p>
			<p class="x07-List-Unnumbered">Overconfidence</p>
			<p class="x07-List-Unnumbered">Weakness</p>
			<p class="x07-List-Unnumbered-Last">Selfishness</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">As in war, so these attributes matter in daily life.</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>