<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-181">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-190" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_181" epub:type="pagebreak" title="181"></span>June 15th<br/><strong>LISTENING ACCOMPLISHES MORE THAN SPEAKING</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“To the youngster talking nonsense Zeno said, ‘The reason why we have two ears and only one mouth is so we might listen more and talk less.’”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">D</span><span class="SCAP">IOGENES </span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">L</span><span class="SCAP">AERTIUS, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">L</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">IVES OF </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">E</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">MINENT </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">P</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">HILOSOPHERS</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x7123_181"></span>7.1.23</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">W</span>hy do the wise have so few problems compared with the rest of us? There are a few simple reasons.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">First, the wise seem to manage expectations as much as possible. They rarely expect what isn’t possible in the first place.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Second, the wise always consider both the best and worst case scenarios. They don’t just think about what they <em>wish</em> to happen, but also what very realistically <em>can</em> happen if things were to suddenly turn.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Third, the wise act with a reverse clause—meaning that they not only consider what might go wrong, but they are prepared for that to be exactly what they <em>want</em> to happen—it is an opportunity for excellence and virtue.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">And if you follow it today, you too will find that nothing surprises you or happens contrary to your expectations.</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>