<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-245">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-256" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_245" epub:type="pagebreak" title="245"></span>August 16th<br/><strong>ANYTHING CAN BE AN ADVANTAGE</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“Just as the nature of rational things has given to each person their rational powers, so it also gives us this power—just as nature turns to its own purpose any obstacle or any opposition, sets its place in the destined order, and co-opts it, so every rational person can convert any obstacle into the raw material for their own purpose.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">M</span><span class="SCAP">ARCUS </span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">A</span><span class="SCAP">URELIUS, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">M</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">EDITATIONS</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x835_245"></span>8.35</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">A</span>t five feet three inches tall, Muggsy Bogues was the shortest player ever to play professional basketball. Throughout his career, he was snickered at, underestimated, and counted out.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">But Bogues succeeded by turning his height into the very thing that made him nationally known. Some people looked at his size as a curse, but he saw it as a blessing. He found the advantages contained within it. In fact, on the court small size has many advantages: speed and quickness, the ability to steal the ball from unsuspecting (and significantly taller) players, to say nothing of the fact that players just plain underestimated him.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Could this approach not be useful in your life? What things do you think have been holding you back that, in fact, can be a hidden source of strength?</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>