<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-372">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-388" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_372" epub:type="pagebreak" title="372"></span>December 16th<br/><strong>EVERLASTING GOOD HEALTH</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“I tell you, you only have to learn to live like the healthy person does&#160;.&#160;.&#160;. living with complete confidence. What confidence? The only one worth holding, in what is trustworthy, unhindered, and can’t be taken away—your own reasoned choice.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">E</span><span class="SCAP">PICTETUS, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">D</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">ISCOURSES</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x32623b_372"></span>3.26.23</span><span class="Epigraph-Source-lower-case">b</span><span class="SCAP">–24</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">A</span>s the Stoics say repeatedly, it’s dangerous to have faith in what you do not control. But your own reasoned choice? Well, for now that <em>is</em> in your control. Therefore it is one of the few things you can have confidence in. It’s the one area of health that can’t suddenly be given a terminal diagnosis (except for the one we all get the day we’re born). It’s the only one that remains pristine and never wears down—it’s only the user who quits it; never will it quit the user.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">In this passage, Epictetus points out that slaves and workers and philosophers alike can live this way. Socrates, Diogenes, and Cleanthes lived this way—even while they had families and while they were struggling students.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">And so can you.</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>