<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-279">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-292" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_279" epub:type="pagebreak" title="279"></span>September 17th<br/><strong>DEALING WITH HATERS</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“What if someone despises me? Let them see to it. But I will see to it that I won’t be found doing or saying anything contemptible. What if someone hates me? Let them see to that. But I will see to it that I’m kind and good-natured to all, and prepared to show even the hater where they went wrong. Not in a critical way, or to show off my patience, but genuinely and usefully.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">M</span><span class="SCAP">ARCUS </span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">A</span><span class="SCAP">URELIUS, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">M</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">EDITATIONS</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x1113_279"></span>11.13</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">W</span>hen someone has a strong opinion about something, it usually says more about <em>them</em> than whatever or whomever the opinion happens to be about. This is especially true when it comes to resentment and hatred of other people. (It is a sad irony that the prejudiced often harbor secret attractions to those they so publicly hate.)</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">For this reason, the Stoic does two things when encountering hatred or ill opinion in others. They ask: <em>Is this opinion inside my control?</em> If there is a chance for influence or change, they take it. But if there isn’t, they accept this person as they are (and never hate a hater). Our job is tough enough already. We don’t have time to think about what other people are thinking, even if it’s about us.</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>