<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-246">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-257" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_246" epub:type="pagebreak" title="246"></span>August 17th<br/><strong>THE BUCK STOPS HERE</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“For nothing outside my reasoned choice can hinder or harm it—my reasoned choice alone can do this to itself. If we would lean this way whenever we fail, and would blame only ourselves and remember that nothing but opinion is the cause of a troubled mind and uneasiness, then by God, I swear we would be making progress.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">E</span><span class="SCAP">PICTETUS, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">D</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">ISCOURSES</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x3192_246"></span>3.19.2–3</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">T</span>oday, see if you can go without blaming a single person or single thing. Someone messes up your instructions—it’s on you for expecting anything different. Someone says something rude—it’s your sensitivity that interpreted their remark this way. Your stock portfolio takes a big loss—what did you expect making such a big bet? Why are you checking the market day to day anyway?</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Whatever it is, however bad it may be, see whether you can make it a whole day laying it all on your reasoned choice. If you can’t make it for a day, see if you can make it for an hour. If not for an hour, then for ten minutes.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Start where you need to. Even one minute without playing the blame game is progress in the art of living.</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>