<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-310">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-324" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_310" epub:type="pagebreak" title="310"></span>October 17th<br/><strong>THE BENEFIT OF KINDNESS</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“A benefit should be kept like a buried treasure, only to be dug up in necessity.&#160;.&#160;.&#160;. Nature bids us to do well by all.&#160;.&#160;.&#160;. Wherever there is a human being, we have an opportunity for kindness.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">S</span><span class="SCAP">ENECA, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">O</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">N THE </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">H</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">APPY </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">L</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">IFE</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x242_310"></span>24.2–3</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">T</span>he first person you meet today—passing acquaintance or friend—no matter the context—positive or negative—is an opportunity for kindness. Or as different translators have taken this line from Seneca to mean, it is an opportunity for <em>benefit</em>. For both of you. You can seek to understand where they are coming from. You can seek to understand who they are, what they need, and what forces or impulses might be acting on them. And you can treat them well and be better off for it.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">The same is true with the second person you encounter, and the third. Of course, there is no guarantee that they will return the favor, but that’s not our concern. As always, we’re going to focus on what we control: in this case, the ability to choose to respond with kindness.</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>