<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-120">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-126" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_120" epub:type="pagebreak" title="120"></span>April 18th<br/><strong>OPINIONS ARE LIKE&#160;.&#160;.&#160;.</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“What is bad luck? Opinion. What are conflict, dispute, blame, accusation, irreverence, and frivolity? They are all opinions, and more than that, they are opinions that lie outside of our own reasoned choice, presented as if they were good or evil. Let a person shift their opinions only to what belongs in the field of their own choice, and I guarantee that person will have peace of mind, whatever is happening around them.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">E</span><span class="SCAP">PICTETUS, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">D</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">ISCOURSES</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x3318b_120"></span>3.3.18</span><span class="Epigraph-Source-lower-case">b</span><span class="SCAP">–19</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">O</span>pinions. Everyone’s got one.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Think about all the opinions you have: about whether today’s weather is convenient, about what liberals and conservatives believe, about whether so-and-so’s remark is rude or not, about whether you’re successful (or not), and on and on. We’re constantly looking at the world around us and putting our opinion on top of it. And our opinion is often shaped by dogma (religious or cultural), entitlements, expectations, and in some cases, ignorance.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">No wonder we feel upset and angry so often! But what if we let these opinions go? Let’s try weeding (<em>ekkoptein</em>; cutting or knocking out) them out of our lives so that things simply <em>are.</em> Not good or bad, not colored with opinion or judgment. Just <em>are.</em></p>
		</div>
	</body></html>