<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-215">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-225" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_215" epub:type="pagebreak" title="215"></span>July 18th<br/><strong>EACH THE MASTER OF THEIR OWN DOMAIN</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“My reasoned choice is as indifferent to the reasoned choice of my neighbor, as to his breath and body. However much we’ve been made for cooperation, the ruling reason in each of us is master of its own affairs. If this weren’t the case, the evil in someone else could become my harm, and God didn’t mean for someone else to control my misfortune.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">M</span><span class="SCAP">ARCUS </span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">A</span><span class="SCAP">URELIUS, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">M</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">EDITATIONS</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x856_215"></span>8.56</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">T</span>he foundation of a free country is that your freedom to swing your fist ends where someone else’s nose begins. That is, someone else is free to do what they like until it interferes with your physical body and space. This saying can work as a great personal philosophy as well.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">But living that way will require two important assumptions. First, you ought to live your own life in such a way that it doesn’t negatively impose on others. Second, you have to be open-minded and accepting enough to let others do the same.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Can you do that? Even when you really, really disagree with the choices they’re making? Can you understand that their life is their business and yours is your own? And that you’ve got plenty to wrestle with yourself without bothering anyone else?</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>