<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-311">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-325" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_311" epub:type="pagebreak" title="311"></span>October 18th<br/><strong>FRENEMIES</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“There’s nothing worse than a wolf befriending sheep. Avoid false friendship at all costs. If you are good, straightforward, and well meaning it should show in your eyes and not escape notice.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">M</span><span class="SCAP">ARCUS </span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">A</span><span class="SCAP">URELIUS, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">M</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">EDITATIONS</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x1115_311"></span>11.15</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">I</span>t’s pretty obvious that one should keep away from the wicked and two-faced as much as possible—the jealous friend, the narcissistic parent, the untrustworthy partner. At first glance, Marcus Aurelius is reminding us to avoid false friends.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">But what if we turn it around? What if, instead, we ask about the times that we have been false to <em>our</em> friends? Ultimately that’s what Stoicism is about—not judging other people’s behavior, but judging our own.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">We’ve all been a frenemy at one point or another. We’ve been nice to their face—usually because there was something in it for us—but later, in different company, we said how we really felt. Or we’ve strung someone along, cared only when things were going well, or declined to help even though someone really needed us.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">This behavior is beneath us—and worth remembering the next time we accuse someone else of being a bad friend.</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>