<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-281">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-294" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_281" epub:type="pagebreak" title="281"></span>September 19th<br/><strong>FLEXIBILITY OF THE WILL</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“Remember that to change your mind and to follow someone’s correction are consistent with a free will. For the action is yours alone—to fulfill its purpose in keeping with your impulse and judgment, and yes, with your intelligence.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">M</span><span class="SCAP">ARCUS </span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">A</span><span class="SCAP">URELIUS, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">M</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">EDITATIONS</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x816_281"></span>8.16</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">W</span>hen you set your mind to a task, do you always follow through? It’s an impressive feat if you do. But don’t let yourself become a prisoner of that kind of determination. That asset might become a liability someday.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Conditions change. New facts come in. Circumstances arise. If you can’t adapt to them—if you simply proceed onward, unable to adjust according to this additional information—you are no better than a robot. The point is not to have an iron will, but an <em>adaptable </em>will—a will that makes full use of reason to clarify perception, impulse, and judgment to act effectively for the right purpose.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">It’s not weak to change and adapt. Flexibility is its own kind of strength. In fact, this flexibility <em>combined</em> with strength is what will make us resilient and unstoppable.</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>