<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-187">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-196" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_187" epub:type="pagebreak" title="187"></span>June 21st<br/><strong>TAKE A WALK</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“We should take wandering outdoor walks, so that the mind might be nourished and refreshed by the open air and deep breathing.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">S</span><span class="SCAP">ENECA, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">O</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">N </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">T</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">RANQUILITY OF </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">M</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">IND</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x178_187"></span>17.8</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">I</span>n a notoriously loud city like Rome, it was impossible to get much peace and quiet. The noises of wagons, the shouting of vendors, the hammering of a blacksmith—all filled the streets with piercing violence (to say nothing of the putrid smells of a city with poor sewage and sanitation). So philosophers went on a lot of walks—to get where they needed to go, to clear their heads, to get fresh air.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Throughout the ages, philosophers, writers, poets, and thinkers have found that walking offers an additional benefit—time and space for better work. As Nietzsche would later say: “It is only ideas gained from walking that have any worth.”</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Today, make sure you take a walk. And in the future, when you get stressed or overwhelmed, take a walk. When you have a tough problem to solve or a decision to make, take a walk. When you want to be creative, take a walk. When you need to get some air, take a walk. When you have a phone call to make, take a walk. When you need some exercise, take a long walk. When you have a meeting or a friend over, take a walk together.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Nourish yourself and your mind and solve your problems along the way.</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>