<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-283">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-296" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_283" epub:type="pagebreak" title="283"></span>September 21st<br/><strong>MAINTAIN COMPOSURE, MAINTAIN CONTROL</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“When forced, as it seems, by circumstances into utter confusion, get a hold of yourself quickly. Don’t be locked out of the rhythm any longer than necessary. You’ll be able to keep the beat if you are constantly returning to it.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">M</span><span class="SCAP">ARCUS </span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">A</span><span class="SCAP">URELIUS, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">M</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">EDITATIONS</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x611_283"></span>6.11</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">W</span>e’re going to get caught off guard from time to time. Not just by&#160;“black swan” type events—a terrorist attack or a financial panic—but also by minor, unexpected occurrences. Your car battery dies, your friend cancels at the last minute, you suddenly don’t feel well. These situations have a way of throwing us into confusion and disarray. We’ve made an assumption about the world and built plans on top of that assumption. Now that the assumption has collapsed, so too might our organization or understanding.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">That’s perfectly OK! It happens. A line of infantrymen will face withering attacks—what’s key is that they don’t allow chaos to reign. Musicians will experience technical difficulties and lose their place from time to time. In both cases, it just matters that they get back into position as quickly as possible.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">The same is true for you today. The order and the peace might be interrupted by a new circumstance. OK. Get a hold of yourself and find your way back.</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>