<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-346">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-361" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_346" epub:type="pagebreak" title="346"></span>November 21st<br/><strong>ONCE IS ENOUGH, ONCE IS FOREVER</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“A good isn’t increased by the addition of time, but if one is wise for even a moment, they will be no less happy than the person who exercises virtue for all time and happily passes their life in it.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">C</span><span class="SCAP">HRYSIPPUS QUOTED BY </span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">P</span><span class="SCAP">LUTARCH IN </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">M</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">ORALIA</span><span class="SCAP">: “</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">A</span><span class="SCAP">GAINST THE </span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">S</span><span class="SCAP">TOICS ON </span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">C</span><span class="SCAP">OMMON </span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">C</span><span class="SCAP">ONCEPTIONS,” <span id="x102_346"></span>1062 (</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">L</span><span class="SCAP">OEB, P. <span id="x62_346"></span>682)</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">P</span>erhaps wisdom and happiness are like winning a medal in the Olympics. It doesn’t matter whether you won a hundred years ago or ten minutes ago, or whether you won just once or in multiple events. It doesn’t matter whether someone beats your time or score down the road, and it doesn’t matter whether you never compete again. You’ll always be a medalist, and you’ll always know what it feels like. No one can take that away—and it would be impossible to feel <em>more</em> of that feeling.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">The Juilliard-trained actor Evan Handler, who not only survived acute myeloid leukemia but also severe depression, has talked about his decision to take antidepressants, which he did for a deliberately brief time. He took them because he wanted to know what true, normal happiness felt like. Once he did, he knew he would stop. He could go back to the struggle like everyone else. He had the ideal for a moment and that was enough.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Perhaps today will be the day when we experience happiness or wisdom. Don’t try to grab that moment and hold on to it with all your might. It’s not under your control how long it lasts. Enjoy it, recognize it, remember it. Having it for a moment is the same as having it forever.</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>