<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-92">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-97" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_92" epub:type="pagebreak" title="92"></span>March 22nd<br/><strong>THE SIGN OF TRUE EDUCATION</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“What is it then to be properly educated? It is learning to apply our natural preconceptions to the right things according to Nature, and beyond that to separate the things that lie within our power from those that don’t.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">E</span><span class="SCAP">PICTETUS, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">D</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">ISCOURSES</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x1229_92"></span>1.22.9–10</span><span class="Epigraph-Source-lower-case">a</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">A </span>degree on a wall means you’re educated as much as shoes on your feet mean you’re walking. It’s a start, but hardly sufficient.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Otherwise, how could so many “educated” people make unreasonable decisions? Or miss so many obvious things? Partly it’s because they forget that they ought to focus only on that which lies within their power to control. A surviving fragment from the philosopher Heraclitus expresses that reality:</p>
			<p class="x06-Verse-First-Quote-Hang">“Many who have learned</p>
			<p class="x06-Verse">from Hesiod the countless names</p>
			<p class="x06-Verse">of gods and monsters</p>
			<p class="x06-Verse">never understand</p>
			<p class="x06-Verse-Last">that night and day are one.”</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Just as you can walk plenty well without shoes, you don’t need to step into a classroom to understand the basic, fundamental reality of nature and of our proper role in it. Begin with awareness and reflection. Not just once, but every single second of every single day.</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>