<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-188">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-197" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_188" epub:type="pagebreak" title="188"></span>June 22nd<br/><strong>THE DEFINITION OF INSANITY</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“If you are defeated once and tell yourself you will overcome, but carry on as before, know in the end you’ll be so ill and weakened that eventually you won’t even notice your mistake and will begin to rationalize your behavior.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">E</span><span class="SCAP">PICTETUS, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">D</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">ISCOURSES</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x21831_188"></span>2.18.31</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">I</span>t’s been said that the definition of insanity is trying the same thing over and over again but expecting a different result. Yet that’s exactly what most people do. They tell themselves: <em>Today, I won’t get angry. Today, I won’t gorge myself.</em> But they don’t actually <em>do</em> anything differently. They try the same routine and hope it will work this time. Hope is not a strategy!</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Failure is a part of life we have little choice over. Learning from failure, on the other hand, is optional. We have to choose to learn. We must consciously opt to do things differently—to tweak and change until we actually get the result we’re after. But that’s hard.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Sticking with the same unsuccessful pattern is easy. It doesn’t take any thought or any additional effort, which is probably why most people do it.</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>