<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-127">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-133" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_127" epub:type="pagebreak" title="127"></span>April 25th<br/><strong>THERE’S NOTHING WRONG WITH BEING WRONG</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“If anyone can prove and show to me that I think and act in error, I will gladly change it—for I seek the truth, by which no one has ever been harmed. The one who is harmed is the one who abides in deceit and ignorance.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">M</span><span class="SCAP">ARCUS </span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">A</span><span class="SCAP">URELIUS, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">M</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">EDITATIONS</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x621_127"></span>6.21</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">S</span>omeone once attempted to argue with the philosopher Cicero by quoting something he had said or written. This person claimed Cicero was saying one thing now but had believed something different in the past. His response: “I live from one day to the next! If something strikes me as probable, I say it; and that is how, unlike everyone else, I remain a free agent.”</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">No one should be ashamed at changing his mind—that’s what the mind is for. “A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds,” Emerson said, “adored by little statesmen and philosophers and divines.” That’s why we go to such lengths to learn and expose ourselves to wisdom. It would be embarrassing if we <em>didn’t</em> end up finding out if we were wrong in the past.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Remember: you’re a free agent. When someone points out a legitimate flaw in your belief or in your actions, they’re not criticizing you. They’re presenting a better alternative. Accept it!</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>