<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-67">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-71" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_67" epub:type="pagebreak" title="67"></span>February 27th<br/><strong>CULTIVATING INDIFFERENCE WHERE OTHERS GROW PASSION</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“Of all the things that are, some are good, others bad, and yet others indifferent. The good are virtues and all that share in them; the bad are the vices and all that indulge them; the indifferent lie in between virtue and vice and include wealth, health, life, death, pleasure, and pain.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">E</span><span class="SCAP">PICTETUS, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">D</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">ISCOURSES</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x21912b_67"></span>2.19.12</span><span class="Epigraph-Source-lower-case">b</span><span class="SCAP">–13</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">I</span>magine the power you’d have in your life and relationships if all the things that trouble everyone else—how thin they are, how much money they have, how long they have left to live, how they will die—didn’t matter so much. What if, where others were upset, envious, excited, possessive, or greedy, you were objective, calm, and clearheaded? Can you envision that? Imagine what it would do for your relationships at work, or for your love life, or your friendships.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Seneca was an incredibly wealthy, even famous, man—yet he was a Stoic. He had many material things, yet, as the Stoics say, he was also indifferent to them. He enjoyed them while they were there, but he accepted that they might someday disappear. What a better attitude than desperately craving <em>more </em>or fearfully dreading losing even one penny. Indifference is solid middle ground.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">It’s not about avoidance or shunning, but rather not giving any possible outcome more power or preference than is appropriate. This not easy to do, certainly, but if you could manage, how much more relaxed would you be?</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>