<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-320">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-334" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_320" epub:type="pagebreak" title="320"></span>October 27th<br/><strong>WE REAP WHAT WE SOW</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“Crimes often return to their teacher.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">S</span><span class="SCAP">ENECA, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">T</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">HYESTES</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x31_320"></span>311</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">I</span>t’s ironic that Seneca would have one of his characters utter this line. As we know, for many years Seneca served as the tutor and mentor to the emperor Nero. There is a lot of evidence that Seneca was, in fact, a positive moral influence on the deranged young man, but even at the time, Seneca’s contemporaries found it strange that a philosopher would serve as the right hand to such an evil person. They even used the Greek word <em>tyrannodidaskalos—</em>tyrant teacher—to describe him. And just as Shakespeare observed in <em>Macbeth</em>, “Bloody instructions, which, being taught, return / To plague th’inventor,” Seneca’s collaboration with Nero ultimately ended with the student murdering the teacher.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">It’s something to think about when you consider whom to work with and whom to do business with in life. If you show a client how to do something unethical or illegal, might they return the favor to an unsuspecting you later on? If you provide a bad example to your employees, to your associates, to your children, might they betray you or hurt you down the road? What goes around comes around, is the saying. Karma is a notion we have imported from the East, along similar lines.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Seneca paid a price for his instructions to Nero. As has been true throughout the ages, his hypocrisy—avoidable or not—was costly. So too will be yours.</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>