<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-69">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-73" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_69" epub:type="pagebreak" title="69"></span>February 29th<br/><strong>YOU CAN’T ALWAYS (BE) GET(TING) WHAT YOU WANT</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“When children stick their hand down a narrow goody jar they can’t get their full fist out and start crying. Drop a few treats and you will get it out! Curb your desire—don’t set your heart on so many things and you will get what you need.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">E</span><span class="SCAP">PICTETUS, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">D</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">ISCOURSES</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x3922_69"></span>3.9.22</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text-with-quote"><span class="_idGenDropcap-2">“W</span>e can have it all” is the mantra of our modern lives. Work, family, purpose, success, leisure time—we want all of this, at the same time (right now, to boot).</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">In Greece, the lecture hall (<em>scholeion</em>) was a leisure center where students contemplated the higher things (the good, true, and beautiful) for the purpose of living a better life. It was about prioritization, about questioning the priorities of the outside world. Today, we’re too busy getting things, just like kids jamming their hand down a jar of goodies, to do much of this questioning.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">“Don’t set your heart on so many things,” says Epictetus. Focus. Prioritize. Train your mind to ask: <em>Do I need this thing? What will happen if I do not get it? Can I make do without it?</em></p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">The answers to these questions will help you relax, help you cut out all the needless things that make you busy—too busy to be balanced or happy.</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>