<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" style="font-size:1.205rem;"><head>
		<title>The Daily Stoic</title>
		<link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head><body id="x9780735211742_EPUB-39">
		<div class="PO">
			<h3 id="_idParaDest-42" class="x05-Head-A"><span id="pageMap_39" epub:type="pagebreak" title="39"></span>January 31st<br/><strong>PHILOSOPHY AS MEDICINE OF THE SOUL</strong></h3>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph">“Don’t return to philosophy as a task-master, but as patients seek out relief in a treatment of sore eyes, or a dressing for a burn, or from an ointment. Regarding it this way, you’ll obey reason without putting it on display and rest easy in its care.”</p>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><span class="SCAP">—</span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">M</span><span class="SCAP">ARCUS </span><span class="Extract-Source-CAP">A</span><span class="SCAP">URELIUS, </span><span class="Extract-Source-ITAL-CAP">M</span><span class="SCAP-ITAL">EDITATIONS</span><span class="SCAP">, <span id="x59_39"></span>5.9</span></p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">T</span>he busier we get, the more we work and learn and read, the further we may drift. We get in a rhythm. We’re making money, being creative, and we’re stimulated and busy. It seems like everything is going well. But we drift further and further from philosophy.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Eventually this neglect will contribute to a problem—the stress builds up, our mind gets cloudy, we forget what’s important—and result in an injury of some kind. When that happens, it’s important that we tap the brakes—put aside all the momentum and the moment. Return to the regimen and practices that we know are rooted in clarity, good judgment, good principles, and <em>good health</em>.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Stoicism is designed to be medicine for the soul. It relieves us of the vulnerabilities of modern life. It restores us with the vigor we need to thrive in life. Check in with it today, and let it do its healing.</p>
		</div>
	</body></html>